[Autogenerated] we're making progress through the consumer driven contracts.
Workflow on in this demo will be able to finish implementing Arkin Shima.
First of all, we'll do some analysis of the stop jobs we've created,
finding them in our local repository on inspecting the contents of the child.
Then we'll switch back to our Kashima Project on begin to make
our test pass will do this by first of all,
adding the stubborn dependency.
Well, then,
using configured is still bring it in our tests on In Doing so will be able
to implement the rest of our feature on May cartes pass.
Let's continue from where we left off in terminal on Do some
analysis of the stops that we just generated.
Don't worry too much about doing this bit yourself as it's not really necessary.
This is just purely for demonstration purposes as it helps us
understand what's happening behind the scenes Looking here,
we can see that this stuff jar was installed into our local
maven repository on the degree an artifact I D.
That we declared for our credit check service.
This means it lives alongside our ordinary application jar,
the difference in name being the minus stops classifier
using a jar command line utility.
We can look and see what's being packaged inside.
Let's take a look.
We conceded there were two directories,
a contract directory on the mapping directory containing the contract
we created and its respective stuck mapping file.
In order to look further,
we can extract the contents of the jar into our working
directory on an Licata contents off the files.
First comes a contract file.
We can cat it a terminal and take a look.
We can confirm that it is indeed the contract we declared in our
test resource is directory more interest in Lido,
we can cut the contents of the wire mark.
Stop trappings fail on DSI.
What's being generated as it's Jason, we can pay pit into Jake you.
So it's in a nice human readable format.
At first glance, it looks very similar to our contract.
On it is much of the fields and values are directly maps from our DSL.
Looking at the request,
we can see that it contains the URL credit scores on the method post,
just like we initially declared in our contracts.
The request content type had There is also here but we
concede our call to the application Jason Method has been
converted into a string value, and a key to this part is a much is field name.
What this means is the value of the field is a regular expression.
So in order for a request to be most,
the content type only needs to start with application
Jason and could be followed by any are pretty characters
any number of times afterwards.
The most complex component is body,
which is the most different What we initially declared on Here's why.
Because the contract wants too much on Jason.
Using an exact text comparison doesn't really make sense.
That's because it would fail if things like white spacing changed
despite adjacent itself remaining in the same.
That's why Jason Path has been generated instead,
which is a DSL for reading Jason documents.
We are going to go into the finer details of it for now,
But what this expression means is that will match on any
Jason with a field called citizen number on a value off
1234 may be known to the response.
Things are also more or less the same as a contract One thing
that's a little nastier is having to sort Jason and Jason
hands needing to introduce ease, escape characters.
But that's one of the benefits of using a contract in the first
place as it hides this kind of stuff away.
Okay, so that will cover are generated, stood mapping file for now.
We'll go into more detail later when we try and implement more
complicated contracts moving back to our project.
Let's start by adding a new maven dependency.
Well,
at the Spring Cloud started contract Stop Runner
unpicked the latest stable version.
As the name implies,
they swore providers with the classes required to run our stops in the
consumer side tests switching back to our failing test.
We can annotate our class with the auto configure stop runner annotation.
When this gets picks up by spring boot,
it will be why Mark and Import are stops into it.
We need to configure this stop say it does import,
and we do that by specifying the group I d on the artifacts i d.
For the version number, we can also make use of the plus symbol.
What this means is that the latest version will always be download it,
which is useful if the contracts are changing regularly,
will also provide the stops.
Classify for the jar.
I will pick a port for why Mozz run on, in this case 80 80.
If we didn't provide this,
that a random port would be selected instead and
finally will sat work offline to True,
as we will be working with our local repository.
No, a remote warm.
Let's set a Q R test and see what happens Now We've got a failure,
but it's a different one to before as now we're getting a forum for status code.
Let's go down from the top.
It'll locks and see what's happening.
We can see why Mark has been started by our stop runner,
and it started successfully as a health check went green.
We can also see our stop trappings have been imported
into it successfully under output, as we expected.
So what's failed?
Well,
this is why wire mark comes in really handy because it
is a concept of a closest match.
If we look here,
we can see the request that why might receives on the stump map in that came
closest to it in this case that stuff mapping is our one,
as it's the only stuff mapping available.
Let's do a visual comparison on see what's wrong.
We can first see that the U.
R L as much on the post method does, too.
On thanks to the regular expression, so does a content type.
But why it's not matched is a citizen number.
He agreed.
Interaction our contracts expected was a value of one t free four.
But we have sent a value of zero because the requests may did not match a stub
map in why Mark sends for four rather than the stop response.
The question now is, Why are we not sending the value off?
1234?
Let's inspects our controller and see straight away I can see the problem.
We forgot to add the request body annotation toe
our method argument without this,
the hate TTP body Jason is no marshaled into our method argument.
So the citizen number field is defaulting to zero.
Let's up the annotation on Let's try and run our
tests again and see if they pass.
Okay, so it looks like we still haven't of a failure, but that's okay.
This is a point of TD D on the point of consumer driven contract testing.
It's not possible to deliver anything until everything is fully functional.
As a four eyes, we would have broken our build.
Let's look feudal locks and see what went wrong.
This time it looks like this time it's a problem with the
Jason and new request we made in our house.
Let's take a look and see what this could bay pretty obvious again.
But this time we're missing a comma at the end of our citizen number field.
Let's fix it and ruin our test again.
Great.
This time our tests passes.
Now we can be confident that our micro services functional with our provider.
Let's take a look feudal logs to verify what's happened
according to why mark our request was matched on.
We can even see the response that it returned,
which is, of course, the response in our stop.
Finally, we're going to make one last change, which is fixing the URL.
As pointed out before, when the rial application runs,
it's not going to point to a local host 80 80.
This means we need to make the euro all of our credit check service a
configurable property so it can change between tests and production.
To do this, we can add the property toe application dot properties.
We'll call it credit check service based rural and give it a value.
Remember,
it's only debase you are our That would change between
environments so the other parts, like the path,
do not need to be configurable.
We can and wire it into a contract by making it a field and
annotating it with the value annotation,
giving it the proper name.
Then we can re factor our call to the gateway,
making use of the spring your eye components build a class
we can programmatically provide the base.
Cheryl,
at the credit scored path converted into your URL
on impassive into rest template.
Let's rerun our test and confirmed it still goes green.
We can see that it's the list green.
Only now it's using the configurable.
You're all property, which can change when we promotes an environment,
which means you've now successfully implemented to consumer
driven contract pattern on our consumer sides. The next stop will be fully implementing everything on the provider side